when you have the seaside be on the
lookout for trouble people can get into
all sorts of trouble at the seaside
swimming are from me Lord it's too cold
or if the current is too strong drifting
out to sea in a dinghy or inflatable
it's been caught by the wind or time
getting trapped by the incoming tide
getting into trouble when climbing on
the Clipper be on the lookout to for
plans from ships and boats in distress
if you see someone in trouble get to the
nearest phone dial 999 last for the
Coast Guard Coast Guard's needs give
your name and telephone number and
explain where you're speaking from tell
the Coast Guard what you've seen and
where it happened keep calm and give as
much detail as you can it could save
time and save a life be a lifesaver help
the Coast Guard
funny day
now there are three chemi fragrances
three different moods Gami classic with
cedarwood amuro's elegant kami light
with lavender and geranium carefree
can be chic with jasmine and the
sensuous
3d chemi fragrances for three can be
moved just admiring your Fiesta quartet
oh I see it's got the fancy window
covers easy access to the back seat to
see sunroof see it's with rewrote accent
delivery for only six thousand nine
hundred and fifty pies okay you
smooth-talking devil you've talked me
into it
northern ireland for dealers welcome to
a great deal this little box of lenore
refill just how much Lenore softness
does it contain stacks of e what's more
you get to pocket the savings we make on
the packaging then all we thing so much
softness so much sin there is a new deep
cleansing lotion
with extracts of apricot
that lifts your makeup off as gently as
you put it on
new a pre cleansing lotion in towns
won't be your fault
but if you knock someone down even if
you slow down to 20 miles an hour when
you hit them then this being on their
feet for a while
and say you only get slowed down to 30
miles an hour they could miss being on
their feet for the rest of their lives
who's to blame
but hitting someone at 40 miles an hour
at all
a little speed can do a lot of damage
you can make the difference the
crystal-clear waters of cork
natural nourishing ingredients found
number two hundred years of growing
excellence
that's what gives finished out its
unique flavor and character
Beamish doubt the living tradition how
well Disney fairy shift Greece it's so
rich just look what a drop can do
amazing
nothing cuts Greece better than fairy in
a big world there's nothing better than
a little part of that if you loo the
delicious from a frame with a super
creamy texture and lots of natural
goodness kids just can't get enough
people do everyone's little favorite
from lovely my dad used to keep pigeons
when I was younger I'd worry about what
would happen if we moved how would they
know where to go and it's the same when
you gets in a place of your own you need
help to get you where you want to be you
need the right advice but when you get
that help you find that you can afford
to do it everything seems to work out
N&P
no one's busier on your behalf because
Cinderella's little dog was so special
she gave him Caesar to enjoy every
single day Caesar
fine meats gently cooked in delicious
jelly
think with everything your little
government
season the things we do for love
get me detergent and fabric softener so
J softener don't forget my bird that's
not enough I'm dead
Bob ultra all-in-one players
the soccer in it okay I know thanks but
no thanks
you made a good choice what do you take
spend this actually because what's in
your thing
they're brilliant then we'll be buying
your bold alter from now on